Level 1 — Surface Web
Level 2 — Bergie Web
Level 3 — Deep Web
Level 4 — Charter Web
Level 5 — Marianas Web
This layer is the mediator between the Marianas Web and the Level 7
Level 7 — The Fog / Virus Soup
Level 8 — The Primarch System


:::Level 1 — Surface Web  

1--:The 1st level is the Surface Web also called the Visible Web, Indexed Web, or Lightnet which is accessible through normal
means; it contains popular sites such as YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Reddit.

2--:It is searchable by standard search engines. A few examples of search engines include Firefox, BING, GOOGLE, etc. This stage is accessible by everyone 
and also the websites offered are free for visits and using too. 
Although there are also a few paid websites for premium content like a premium version of YouTube, Netflix, and likewise.


::::::Level 2 — Bergie Web 

1:-:This level is the last one normally accessible: all levels after that you have to be accessed with a Proxy Server, Tor-The Onion Router, or by modifying your hardware.

2:-:At this level, you can find some “underground” but still indexed websites, such as 4chan which is an imageboard website where users post anonymously.

3:-:There are a few websites like the Kickass Torrents which is banned in India but can still be accessed by using a VPN (Virtual Private Network)

3:-:For instance, the US has access to many websites which at the same time aren’t accessible in India, so you could set your VPN to the US and access the content even if it’s banned in India

:::::Level 3 — Deep Web 

1:-:The first part of this level can only be accessed by using a proxy. It contains CP, core, hacking websites. Here begins the Deep Web.
The Deep web is the entire internet that cannot be found by regular search engines, 96% of the web.

2:-:The second part of this level is only accessible through Tor- the Onion Router which is a browser using which you can connect to a website in such a manner that 
your connection is bounced off (like a bouncer ball) of relays in the Tor network.

3:-:Thus the website can’t know who you are and your privacy is secured. So basically to access it you need a lot of encoding and decoding skills. The links to this are
divided in the source code and then you should 
translate it into the binary language and you’re into Deep Web.

:::::: Level 4 — Charter Web 


1:-:This level is also divided into two parts. The first can be accessed through Tor and is the most accessed part of the deep web. Things such as drugs and human trafficking,
banned movies around the world, and books and black markets exist there.

2:-:It also contains Hidden Wiki links which is the first website you visit trying to get into the deep web. This is like the deep website which further
provides infinite links to other deep web pages or sites. The further you start going at it, the more restrictive and private the sites become.
They start asking for registration IDs, passwords; sometimes credit/debit card details for you to make a payment for entering the sites.


3:-:In the second part, Tor browsers are not able to reach here. So, there is a special method to reach this level called “Closed Shell System”.”.

4:-:Here, things become serious. This part of the Charter Web contains hardcore Child Pornography, experimental hardware information, 
(“Gadolinium Gallium Garnet Quantum Electronic Processors”…), but also darker information, such as the “Law of 13”, the experiments done in World War 2, 
and even the unknown location of Atlantis & Supercomputers and AI.

5:-:At this level, you can buy drugs, guns, and things that you can’t find in the local market around you. Although this isn’t easy, to get there is a very big deal!

:::::::Level 5 — Marianas Web  ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

1:-:The Mariana Trench or Marianas Trench is located in the western Pacific Ocean about 200 kilometers east of the Mariana Islands.
It contains the deepest known points on Earth, vents bubbling up liquid sulfur and carbon dioxide, active mud volcanoes and marine life adapted to pressures 1,000 times that at sea level.

2:-:It is one Internet it is one of the most dangerous levels known so far. The name of this 5th Level is taken from the deepest hole in the world, Mariana Trench.

3:-:Based on the research, this place may or may not exist. However, based on the most common consensus this is the place where the most secure data is.
The most common “Marianas Web” would be the military networks where the most secure data resides.

4:-:To access the Mariana web, you have to face some kind of algorithm & calculation that can’t be done with the computer. For this,
you have to work on quantum computing, secret algorithms, and calculations.


5:-:One of those rumors is that we can access the “Marianas Web” with the help of “Polymeric Falcighol Derivation,” which requires Quantum Computers.
Quantum computing is not publicly available because of its needs some extreme function to work so a normal person can’t surf.


4:-:If the dark web has contents like contract killers, drug dealers, and worse than what Mariana web contains, it is even deeper than the dark web ?? 
No one knows if this exists or not but sounds cool yeah! Is there something like Mariana’s web and underneath it? Or is this all just like a joke, a 
legend, or something that is kept so secret like Cicada 3301 or Illuminati?


5:-:Mariana’s web is the weird perplexing web secret. There is no solid proof of its existence so it’s depending on which rumors you believe.
As per research till now there is no one has visited this web.


:::::::::: Level- 6 This layer is the mediator between the Marianas Web & the Level 7 :::::::::::::::

1:-:This layer is the intermediary between the Marianas Web and Level 7 which is also called THE FOG/VIRUS SOUP.

2:-:It’s a level that exists for the sole purpose of being one. At this point a person starts getting the attention they don’t want, i.e., people come to kill you. 
It might sound very dramatic, but this is the truth. There are things in this world that can only lie among people themselves like drug lords and human traffickers,
and once they know that you are aware of their work your life is at risk. This might sound unreal but it is happening.


3::-:You need quantum computing to get past the 6th layer, and this is where things get tough. The 7th layer is where the big players are. 
They are all trying to stop each other. There are hundreds of millions (or billion) dollar operations gunning for control.


:::::::: Level 7 — The Fog / Virus Soup ::::::::::::::

1:-:This level is like a war zone. Every other person is trying to reach the next level. This is basically like a fight between people trying to 
overthrow the other for having the only power of the internet in the world. Whoever has reached this level is trying to do one of the two things, 
either reach 8th level or stop others from reaching it. They try to prevent others from reaching Level 8 in whatever way necessary.


2:-:The 7th layer is called “The Fog” or “Virus Soup” because the entire thing is full of so many infinite codes to try and ruin other people poking around in there. 
Code, code, code, and code is what you will find at this level.


3:-:In simple words, everyone is fighting to keep others out because of the value of the systems below.

::::::::::::Level 8 — The Primarch System


This is the last level of the web. It’s just too downright INSANE. 

1:-:Level 8 is impossible to access directly or even by quantum computers.

2:-:The Primarch System is the thing controlling the internet at the time. No government has control of it. Nobody even knows what it is. It’s an anomaly at the heart
of the deep web that was discovered by super deep web scans in the early 2000s.


3:-:The system is believed to be unresponsive but it sends out unalterable commands to the entire net randomly.











