https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pegasus_(spyware)

nso group pegasus

https://malwaretech.com/2018/03/best-programming-languages-to-learn-for-malware-analysis.html

https://malwaretech.com/tag/malware

https://www.index.dev/blog/-top-10-programming-languages-for-cybersecurity

Python >>>>>>>>>>>>

 Some of the most notable libraries are Nmap, regex, boto3, socket, and scapy. Imperva, a leading cybersecurity 
software and service provider, found that 77% of the websites they protect were attacked 
by at least one Python-based tool.


:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
00::stuxnet

00::Pegasus (Trojan Horse)

00::Spyware:

00::Multipartite Viruses:

00::Resident Viruses:

00::Polymorphic Viruses:

00::Macro Viruses:

00::Boot Sector Viruses: 

00::File Infector Viruses:

1::Malwar

2:: Virus

3:: Worm

4::Trojan

5::Malvertising

6::Rat

7::Backdoor

8::Rootkit

9::spyware

10::keylogger

11:ransomware

12::fileless Malware

13::Adware

14::Ram Scraper

15::DDOS attack

16::browser hijacking

17::cryptojacking

20::Rogue security

21::phishing

23:: Hybrid Malware


Blended Threats - Combining multiple forms of malware and attack vectors.

Logic Bombs - Code intentionally inserted into software that triggers malicious functions when certain conditions are met.

Zero-day Exploits - Attacks that occur on the same day a weakness is discovered in software.

Scareware - Software that uses social engineering to cause shock, anxiety, or the perception of a threat
to manipulate users into buying unwanted software.

Cryptomining Malware - Malware that hijacks a computer's resources to mine cryptocurrencies.

SQL Injection - Code injection technique that might destroy your database.

Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - A security vulnerability typically found in web applications that allows attackers
to inject scripts into web pages viewed by others.

Man-in-the-Middle (MitM) Attack - An attack where the attacker secretly relays and possibly
alters the communication between two parties who believe they are directly communicating with each other.

DNS Tunneling - A method of tunneling data over DNS protocol.

Credential Stuffing - A type of cyberattack where stolen account credentials, typically consisting
of lists of usernames and/or email addresses and the corresponding passwords, are used to gain unauthorized
access to user accounts through large-scale automated login requests.

Browser Locker - A type of malware that locks up your browser and demands a ransom to unlock it.

Rogue Antivirus Software - Malware posing as legitimate antivirus software, usually to extort money from victims.

Evil Twin Attack - A fake Wi-Fi access point that appears to be a legitimate one set up to eavesdrop on wireless communications.

Typosquatting (URL Hijacking) - A form of cybersquatting where misspelled domain names are used to deceive users.

Watering Hole Attack - Attacks targeting a specific group by infecting websites they are known to visit.

Social Engineering - Manipulating individuals into divulging confidential or personal information that may be used for fraudulent purposes.

Command and Control (C2) Server - A server used to send commands to infected systems and receive stolen data from them.

Session Hijacking - An attack where a user session is taken over by an attacker.

Pharming - Redirecting users to a bogus website, even if they entered the correct web address.

Formjacking - Injecting malicious code into online forms to steal personal data, such as payment information.

Business Email Compromise (BEC) - A type of scam targeting companies that conduct wire transfers and have suppliers abroad.

