1::mspy  --> best spying Appliaction 

2::AndroRat  --> android hacking best tool

3::zanti  -->Wifi hacking one of the 

4::cspoilt

5::FaceNiff --> can axxess WEP , WEPA, WPA2 WIFI networks

6::DroidBox 

7::Hackode

8::Kali Linux NetHunter --> 

9:: NetworkMapper -->

10::--> DroidSheep  Monitor social media Activiting activity


11::888 window hacking tools & application /// Best windows hacking and android hacking rat best tools
888Rat

12::MetasPloit Framworking all hacking --> Payloads exploit 


||||||||||||||| Top 10 android Apps for penetration  testing 




Aircrack-ng - A suite of tools for assessing Wi-Fi network security.

Wireshark - A network protocol analyzer that lets you capture and interactively browse the traffic running on a computer network.

Nmap - A network scanning tool to discover hosts and services on a computer network.

Burp Suite - An integrated platform for performing security testing of web applications.

John the Ripper - A fast password cracker, currently available for many flavors of Unix, Windows, DOS, BeOS, and OpenVMS.

Hydra - A parallelized login cracker which supports numerous protocols to attack.

APKTool - A tool for reverse engineering Android APK files.

Frida - A dynamic instrumentation toolkit for developers, reverse-engineers, and security researchers.

Drozer - An Android security assessment framework that allows you to search for security vulnerabilities in apps and devices.

Androguard - A full Python tool to play with Android files.

Xposed Framework - A framework for Android that allows modules to modify the system or app aspects without touching any APKs.

Wifiphisher - A security tool that mounts fast automated phishing attacks against Wi-Fi 
networks to obtain credentials or infect victim devices.

NetCut - A tool that can help you manage your network by controlling the internet bandwidth
distribution and cutting off users from the network.

Social-Engineer Toolkit (SET) - An open-source penetration testing framework designed for social engineering.

BeEF (Browser Exploitation Framework) - A penetration testing tool that focuses on the web browser.

Ettercap - A comprehensive suite for man-in-the-middle attacks on LAN.

OWASP ZAP (Zed Attack Proxy) - An open-source web application security scanner.

Hashcat - A powerful password recovery tool.

Snort - An open-source network intrusion detection system (NIDS).

Acunetix - A web vulnerability scanner that finds and reports on a wide array of web application vulnerabilities
.
MobSF (Mobile Security Framework) - An automated, all-in-one mobile application (Android/iOS/Windows) 
pen-testing, malware analysis, and security assessment framework.

Nikto - An open-source web server scanner that performs comprehensive tests against web servers for
multiple items, including over 6700 potentially dangerous files/CGIs.

Parrot Security OS - A Linux distribution based on Debian, designed for security experts, developers, and privacy-aware people.

BlackArch Linux - An Arch Linux-based distribution for penetration testers and security researchers.

NetStumbler - A tool for Windows that facilitates detecting Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs) using the 
802.11b, 802.11a, and 802.11g WLAN standards.
1::Termux Tool 
2::



